Clarify array literal documentation. (#10709)
ethereum/solidity: docs/types/reference-types.rst

^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

An array literal is a comma-separated list of one or more expressions, enclosed
in square brackets (``[...]``). For example ``[1, a, f(3)]``. The type of the
array literal is determined as follows:

It is always a statically-sized memory array with a length being equal to the
number of expressions.

The base type of the array is the type of one of the expressions such that all

> other expressions can be implicitly converted to it. It is a type error

Reviewer: What if there are two types where all the other expressions can be converted to either? Which one is chosen?

Author: The first. Will clarify.

> The base type of the array is the type of the first expressions in the list such that all
> other expressions can be implicitly converted to it. It is a type error
> if this is not possible.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The base type of the array is the type of the first expression on the list such that all
other expressions can be implicitly converted to it. It is a type error
if this is not possible.
```

        }
    }

> 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The type of ``[0, 50, 257, 1]`` is ``uint16[4]`` because that's the type of literal ``257`` and the first type on the list that all the values can be implicitly converted to.
```

I'd also be tempted to add this, because it follows the rules stated above, but I'm not sure if it's a good idea if it won't compile on 0.8.0:
```suggestion
The type of ``[[0x1, 1], [0xffffff, 2], [0xff, 3], [0xffff, 4]]`` is ``uint24[2][4]`` because there's an implicit conversion possible from ``uint8[2]`` and ``uint16[2]`` to ``uint24[2]``.
```
